com.chemicalwedding.artemis.AboutActivity
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.AboutActivity: AboutActivity()
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.ArtemisActivity
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.ArtemisActivity: ArtemisActivity()
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.ArtemisApplication
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.ArtemisApplication: ArtemisApplication()
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.ArtemisPreferenceFragment
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.ArtemisRectF
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.ArtemisViewFlipper
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.ArtemisViewFlipper: ArtemisViewFlipper(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.CameraAngleDetailView
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.CameraAngleDetailView: CameraAngleDetailView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.CameraContainerView
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.CameraContainerView: CameraContainerView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.CameraOverlay
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.CameraOverlay: CameraOverlay(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.CameraPreview14
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.CameraPreview14: CameraPreview14(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.CameraPreview14: void setTextureView(android.view.TextureView)
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.CameraPreview14: void setArtemisMath(com.chemicalwedding.artemis.ArtemisMath)
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.CameraPreview14: void setWhiteBalance(java.lang.String)
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.CameraPreview14: void setExposureCompensation(java.lang.Integer)
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.CameraPreview14: void setFlash(boolean)
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.CameraPreview14: void setPreviewSize(android.hardware.Camera$Size)
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.CustomCameraCalibrationActivity
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.CustomCameraCalibrationActivity: CustomCameraCalibrationActivity()
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.CustomCameraOverlay
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.CustomCameraOverlay: CustomCameraOverlay(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.CustomCameraPreview: void setArtemisMath(com.chemicalwedding.artemis.ArtemisMath)
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.LongPressButton
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.LongPressButton: LongPressButton(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.LongPressButton: LongPressButton(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.LongPressButton: LongPressButton(android.content.Context)
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.LongPressButton: com.chemicalwedding.artemis.LongPressButton$ClickBoolean getClickBoolean()
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$anim: int slide_in_left
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$anim: int slide_in_right
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$anim: int slide_out_left
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$anim: int slide_out_right
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$array: int backkey_prefs
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$array: int backkey_prefs_values
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$array: int heading_tilt_roll_array
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$array: int heading_tilt_roll_values
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$array: int image_quality_prefs
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$array: int image_size_prefs
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$array: int image_size_prefs_values
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$array: int longPressShutter_entries
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$array: int longPressShutter_values
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$array: int select_language_array
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$array: int select_language_codes
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$array: int set_exposure_array
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$array: int volumeAction_entries
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$array: int volumeAction_entries_noautofocus
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$array: int volumeAction_values
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$array: int volumeAction_values_noautofocus
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$bool: int appirator_test_mode
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$color: int appirator_button_end_color
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$color: int appirator_button_start_color
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$color: int appirator_button_text_color
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$color: int focalLengthHUD
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$color: int orangeArtemisText
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$color: int previewTextColor
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$color: int transparent_artemis_view
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$drawable: int about_icon
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$drawable: int arrows
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$drawable: int artemis_about_header
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$drawable: int artemis_desktop_icon2
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$drawable: int back_icon
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$drawable: int back_icon_pressed
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$drawable: int backicon
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$drawable: int button_appirator
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$drawable: int camera_icon
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$drawable: int camerabutton
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$drawable: int cameraoff
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$drawable: int cameraon
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$drawable: int cameraoverlay
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$drawable: int cameraoverlay_bottom
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$drawable: int cameraoverlay_top
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$drawable: int chemical_wedding_logo
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$drawable: int editmeta
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$drawable: int editmetaoff
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$drawable: int editmetaon
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$drawable: int exportimages
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$drawable: int exportimages_on
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$drawable: int exportmedia
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$drawable: int feedback_icon
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$drawable: int fineminus_button
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$drawable: int fineminus_buttonon
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$drawable: int fineminusbutton
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$drawable: int fineplus_button
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$drawable: int fineplus_buttonon
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$drawable: int fineplusbutton
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$drawable: int fullscreenbutton
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$drawable: int fullscreenoff
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$drawable: int fullscreenon
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$drawable: int gallery_gridicon
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$drawable: int gallery_gridicon_on
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$drawable: int gallery_menu_icon
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$drawable: int gallerybutton
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$drawable: int gallerybuttonoff
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$drawable: int gallerybuttonon
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$drawable: int galleygrid
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$drawable: int helpbutton
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$drawable: int helpicon
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$drawable: int helpiconon
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$drawable: int icon_spacer
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$drawable: int lensbutton
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$drawable: int lensbuttonoff
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$drawable: int lensbuttonon
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$drawable: int lense_icon
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$drawable: int loon_films_logo
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$drawable: int nextbutton
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$drawable: int nextoff
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$drawable: int nexton
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$drawable: int prevbutton
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$drawable: int prevoff
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$drawable: int prevon
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$drawable: int quit_icon
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$drawable: int sequenceicon
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$drawable: int sequenceicon_on
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$drawable: int sequenceiconbutton
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$drawable: int settings_icon
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$drawable: int settings_icon_on
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$drawable: int settings_menu_icon
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$drawable: int settingsbutton
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$drawable: int splashscreen
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int CameraAngleDetailView
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int LinearLayout_horiz_camera_settings
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int LinearLayout_lens_setting_horrizontal
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int ScrollView02
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int ScrollView_save_image
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int about_back
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int actualChipHeight
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int actualChipWidth
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int addCustomLens
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int addCustomLensImage
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int addCustomLensText
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int add_custom_camera_directions
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int add_custom_camera_title
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int addressInfo
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int artemisPreview
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int artemis_about
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int artemis_about_header
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int artemis_about_title
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int artemis_gallery
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int artemis_quit
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int artemis_settings
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int atemisImage
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int calibrateChipHeight
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int calibrateChipHeightView
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int calibrateChipWidth
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int calibrateChipWidthView
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int calibrateFocalLength
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int calibrateSaveButton
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int cameraContainer
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int cameraDetailsText
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int cameraDetailsToggle
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int cameraDetailsView
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int cameraFormatList
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int cameraInfo
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int cameraOverlay
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int cameraOverlayTop
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int cameraPreview
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int cameraRatiosList
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int cameraSearch
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int cameraSensorList
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int cameraSettings
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int camera_settings
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int camera_settings_back
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int camera_settings_flipper
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int camera_settings_title
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int cancel
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int cancelLenses
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int chemical_wedding_logo
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int compass_heading_toggle
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int customCameraList
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int customCamera_active_sensor
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int customZoomLensList
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int custom_camera_active_sensor_name
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int custom_camera_aspectratio
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int custom_camera_distance
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int custom_camera_focallength
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int custom_camera_height
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int custom_camera_name
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int custom_camera_squeezeratio
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int custom_camera_squeezeratio_as
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int custom_camera_width
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int date_and_time_toggle
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int editImageMeta
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int editMetaDataButton
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int exportMedia
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int fineNextButton
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int finePrevButton
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int focalLengthLensButton
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int fullscreenButton
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int gallery1
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int galleryButton
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int galleryGridButton
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int gallerySequence
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int gpsDetailsToggle
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int gpsLocationToggle
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int h_and_v_angle_toggle
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int headingTiltText
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int helpButtonView
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int imageDescription
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int imageNotes
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int lensDetailsToggle
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int lensFocalLengthMM
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int lensFocalLengthText
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int lensInfo
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int lensList
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int lensMakeText
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int lensMakeView
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int lensMakerList
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int lensSettings
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int lens_settings
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int lens_settings_back
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int lens_settings_flipper
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int lens_settings_title
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int loon_films_logo
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int mainFrame
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int mainViewFlipper
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int message
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int nextButton
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int overlay
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int prevButton
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int rate
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int rateLater
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int saveLenses
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int savePicture
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int savePictureAndEditButton
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int savePictureButton
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int savePictureCancelButton
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int savePictureDetails
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int savePicturePreview
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int savePictureViewFlipper
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int save_custom_camera
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int save_custom_camera_active_sensor
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int save_edit_details_PictureCancelButton
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int save_raw_image_toggle
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int scrollView1
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int settingsButton
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int shotDate
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int shotNotes
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int shutterButton
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int splashscreen
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int start_calib_custom_camera
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int textView1
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int tilt_and_roll_toggle
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int zoomLensMaxFL
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int zoomLensMinFL
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$id: int zoomLensName
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$integer: int appirator_days_before_reminding
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$integer: int appirator_days_until_prompt
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$integer: int appirator_launches_until_prompt
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$layout: int about
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$layout: int add_custom_camera
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$layout: int add_custom_camera_active_sensor
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$layout: int appirater
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$layout: int artemis_preview
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$layout: int calibrate_custom_camera
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$layout: int camera_settings
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$layout: int create_zoom_lens_dialog
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$layout: int gallery
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$layout: int lens_list_item
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$layout: int lens_settings
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$layout: int main
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$layout: int save_picture
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$layout: int sequence_list_item
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$layout: int splash
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$layout: int text_list_item
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$menu: int main_options
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int about_back_button
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int add
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int add_custom_camera_directions
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int add_custom_camera_directions_active_chip
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int add_custom_camera_title
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int add_custom_lens
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int add_new_zoom_lens
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int app_name
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int appirator_app_title
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int appirator_market_url
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int artemis_about_text
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int artemis_about_title
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int artemis_save_folder_summary
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int artemis_save_location_default
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int auto_focus_behaviour_when_long_pressing
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int auto_focus_text
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int back_button_behaviour
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int backkey_default
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int backkey_summary
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int black_and_white_preview
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int buy_button
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int calibrate_chip_height
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int calibrate_chip_width
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int camera_device_will_autofocus
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int camera_device_will_not_autofocus
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int camera_information
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int camera_preview_will_be_black_and_white
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int camera_preview_will_show_all_colors
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int camera_search
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int camera_settings_title
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int cancel
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int chemical_wedding_about_text
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int compass_heading_text
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int custom_camera_aspect_ratio
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int custom_camera_chip_height
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int custom_camera_chip_width
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int custom_camera_delete_camera
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int custom_camera_edit_camera
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int custom_camera_error
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int custom_camera_error_message
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int custom_camera_focallength
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int custom_camera_name
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int custom_camera_new_camera
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int custom_camera_options
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int custom_camera_save_active_sensor
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int custom_camera_save_button
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int custom_camera_save_start_button
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int custom_camera_squeeze_ratio
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int custom_camera_width
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int custom_cameras
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int custom_lens_error
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int custom_lens_error_message
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int custom_zoom_lens
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int custom_zoom_lens_error
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int custom_zoom_lens_error_message
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int date_and_time_text
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int degree_symbol
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int detect_device_camera_angles_automatically
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int device_camera_angles
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int device_camera_behaviour
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int device_camera_sensor
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int edit_zoom_lens
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int email_support
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int error_communicating_dialog_body
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int error_communicating_title
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int error_dialog_body
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int error_dialog_title
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int exit_artemis
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int feedback_report_issue
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int feedback_report_issue_description
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int gallery_no_images_found
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int gallery_title
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int gps_coordinates
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int gps_location
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int gps_on_off
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int gps_settings
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int gps_summary_off
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int gps_summary_on
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int h_and_v_angle_text
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int hangle_text
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int haptic_feedback
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int haptic_feedback_on_summary
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int hapticfeedback_off_summary
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int heading_summary
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int heading_tilt_roll_promt
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int heading_tilt_roll_text
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int horizontal_lens_angle
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int image_description_hint
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int image_note_hint
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int image_quality_default
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int image_quality_summary
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int image_save_error
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int image_save_no_media
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int image_saved_success
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int image_size_default
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int image_size_summary
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int input_focal_length
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int keep_screen_off_summary
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int keep_screen_on
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int keep_screen_on_summary
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int key_mappings
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int language
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int language_summary
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int left_roll
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int lensFocalLengthMM
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int lens_information
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int lens_settings_title
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int lock_lens_boxes
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int lockboxes_summary
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int longPressShutter_default
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int long_press_shutter_button_focus_behaviour
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int loon_films_about_text
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int map_volume_key_title
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int map_volume_off
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int map_volume_on
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int max_focal_length
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int menu_artemis_about
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int menu_artemis_about_description
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int menu_artemis_gallery
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int menu_artemis_quit
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int menu_artemis_settings
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int menu_camera_settings
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int menu_lens_settings
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int min_focal_length
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int new_zoom_lens
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int not_torch_while_in_preview_mode
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int ok
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int picture_save_location
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int preference_key_artemissavefolder
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int preference_key_autofocusonpicture
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int preference_key_automaticlensangles
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int preference_key_backkeyOption
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int preference_key_cameralenshangle
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int preference_key_cameralensvangle
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int preference_key_flashenabled
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int preference_key_gpsenabled
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int preference_key_hapticfeedback
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int preference_key_headingdisplay
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int preference_key_keepscreenon
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int preference_key_lockboxesenabled
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int preference_key_longpressshutter
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int preference_key_mapVolumeKeys
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int preference_key_previewblackwhite
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int preference_key_previewselectionindex1
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int preference_key_quickshotenabled
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int preference_key_saveRawImage
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int preference_key_savedImageQuality
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int preference_key_savedImageScale
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int preference_key_selectedcamerarowid
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int preference_key_selectedexposurelevel
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int preference_key_selectedlanguage
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int preference_key_selectedlensescsvstring
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int preference_key_selectedlensmake
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int preference_key_selectedwhitebalance
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int preference_key_selectedzoomlens
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int preference_key_showcameradetails
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int preference_key_showdatetime
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int preference_key_showdescription
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int preference_key_showgpsdetails
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int preference_key_showgpslocation
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int preference_key_showheading
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int preference_key_showlensdetails
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int preference_key_showtiltroll
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int preference_key_showviewangles
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int preference_key_smoothimageenabled
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int preference_key_volumeDownAction
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int preference_key_volumeUpAction
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int prefs_camera_settings
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int prefs_camera_settings_description
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int prefs_general_settings
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int prefs_general_settings_description
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int prefs_image_settings
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int prefs_image_settings_description
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int quick_picture_off
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int quick_picture_on
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int quickshot_text
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int quit_button
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int rate
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int rate_cancel
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int rate_later
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int rate_message
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int rate_title
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int reset_artemis_settings
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int reset_to_default_settings
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int retry_button
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int right_roll
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int roll_level
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int save
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int save_and_edit
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int save_lenses
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int save_picture
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int save_picture_details
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int save_raw_image_text
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int saved_image_quality
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int saved_image_size
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int screen_settings
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int select_image_quality
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int select_image_size
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int select_language_text
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int set_exposure_text
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int set_flash_mode_text
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int set_white_balance_text
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int settings_reset_summary
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int settings_reset_title
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int sure_you_want_to_exit
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int tilt_and_roll_text
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int tilt_down
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int tilt_level
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int tilt_up
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int torch_while_in_preview_mode
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int unlicensed_dialog_body
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int unlicensed_dialog_title
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int untitle_custom_cam
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int untitled_zoom_lens
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int use_detected_device_angles
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int use_the_custom_camera_angles
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int user_interface_behaviour
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int vangle_text
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int vertical_lens_angle
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int volumeDownAction_default
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int volumeUpAction_default
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int volumeUpAction_noautofocus_default
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int volume_down_key_title
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int volume_down_summary
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int volume_up_key_title
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int volume_up_summary
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int zoom_lens_delete
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int zoom_lens_edit
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int zoom_lens_name
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$string: int zoom_lens_options
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$style: int ArtemisMain
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$style: int appiratorButton
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$xml: int camera_settings_preferences
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$xml: int general_settings_preferences
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$xml: int preference_headers
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.R$xml: int saved_image_settings_preferences
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.SettingsActivity
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.SettingsActivity: SettingsActivity()
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.SettingsActivity$CameraSettingsFragment
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.SettingsActivity$GeneralSettingsFragment
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.SettingsActivity$ResetDefaultSettingsFragment
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.SettingsActivity$SavedImageSettingsFragment
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.SettingsActivity$SendFeedbackFragment
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.SplashScreenActivity
com.chemicalwedding.artemis.SplashScreenActivity: SplashScreenActivity()
com.sbstrm.appirater.R$bool: int appirator_test_mode
com.sbstrm.appirater.R$color: int appirator_button_end_color
com.sbstrm.appirater.R$color: int appirator_button_start_color
com.sbstrm.appirater.R$color: int appirator_button_text_color
com.sbstrm.appirater.R$drawable: int button_appirator
com.sbstrm.appirater.R$id: int cancel
com.sbstrm.appirater.R$id: int message
com.sbstrm.appirater.R$id: int rate
com.sbstrm.appirater.R$id: int rateLater
com.sbstrm.appirater.R$integer: int appirator_days_before_reminding
com.sbstrm.appirater.R$integer: int appirator_days_until_prompt
com.sbstrm.appirater.R$integer: int appirator_launches_until_prompt
com.sbstrm.appirater.R$layout: int appirater
com.sbstrm.appirater.R$string: int appirator_app_title
com.sbstrm.appirater.R$string: int appirator_market_url
com.sbstrm.appirater.R$string: int rate
com.sbstrm.appirater.R$string: int rate_cancel
com.sbstrm.appirater.R$string: int rate_later
com.sbstrm.appirater.R$string: int rate_message
com.sbstrm.appirater.R$string: int rate_title
com.sbstrm.appirater.R$style: int appiratorButton
